Privacy Policy

The full privacy policy can also be found here: https://www.a2jauthor.org/content/privacy-policy

Updated December 15, 2017

At CALI and IIT Chicago-Kent College of Law, we respect your privacy concerns. Please read this Notice to learn about:

The kinds of information we collect at our sites, www.a2jauthor.org and www.a2j.org, or through our A2J Viewer,
How we may use that information, and
Who we may share it with.
 

This Notice also describes how we protect your personal information and how to contact us to learn more about our privacy practices.

Information You Give Us:

 There are two groups of users of our products: Authors and End Users. Authors are individuals or organizations that sign up for Author accounts on www.a2jauthor.org or www.a2j.org and create A2J Guided Interviews®. End Users are consumers of A2J Guided Interviews through the A2J Viewer. They may access the A2J Viewer and the A2J Guided Interviews from our websites, www.a2jauthor.org, www.a2j.org, or from other websites that host the A2J Viewer themselves.

 

    As Authors, we will ask you for basic information related to your creation of the A2J Guided Interviews and your affiliations with either CALI® member schools, legal services organizations, courts, governmental entities, or private companies. This could include your:

Name
Job Title
Affiliated Organizations
Email address
Username and password
Plan for hosting of the A2J Guided Interviews
Personal information in messages you send us through our Contact Us tools
 

    As End Users, we will ask you for some personal information that we need to prepare your legal forms. This could include your:

Date of birth
Social Security Number
Monthly income, expenses, and property you own
Insurance coverage
Children’s information
Citizenship
Criminal record
Arrest history
Domestic violence history
Gang affiliation history
Personal history
 

    We may also ask you for some personal information necessary to use our program, set up an account, and email us questions, including your:

Name
Username and password
Personal information in messages that you send us through our Contact Us tools
 

Information Collected Automatically

 

Our website collects information that helps us serve you and lets you use certain features of the program. To do this, we may use cookies, web server logs, web beacons, and JavaScript.

 

Cookies: Our site may use web, HTML5, and Flash cookies, or other similar technologies. These allow us to identify your browser and remember your information, settings, and your visits to the site. We may also use other types of local storage, such as browser or plugin based local storage. Most browsers give you the option of enabling, restricting, and disabling cookies. You can control Flash cookies by visiting Adobe’s FlashPlayer Settings or Settings Manager.

Note: If you disable cookies, you will not be able to use all the features of our website or our web services. That is because the system needs to remember you to complete your forms and remember the information you provided before.

Our web server log may:

Collect information about your device, operating system, browser, access domain, and other system settings
Identify your system’s language, country, and time zone
Record the page that referred you to our site, your device’s IP address, and the pages you visit at our site.
 

To control which servers collect information, we may place tags (web beacons) on our page. We also may send software instructions to your device that collect details of your interactions with our site, such as the kind of general information listed above.

 

Analytics

 

We use an analytics service run on our own servers to learn how visitors use our site and our A2J Viewer. This service will know your IP address for generalized location information and tell us how you use our site and A2J Viewer.

 

Your usage information helps us to:

Troubleshoot any problems and improve the site
Meet our legal duties and comply with policies and procedures
Help our Authors create better automated forms
Know if you are a new or returning visitor.
 

What We Do With Your Information

 

The information you provide at our site may be used to:

Manage and improve the services we provide and how we communicate with you
Create and manage your account
Communicate with you about your account and information at our site
Process your form(s) and respond to your requests and questions
E-file documents and information, if you request it
Customize your experience with the site
Manage and update our client databases
Perform data analytics
Protect against fraud
Manage risk exposure
Develop new services
Meet and enforce all legal requirements, industry standards, and our own policies and terms, such as our Terms of Use
 

If we use your information in other ways, we will notify you when that happens.

 

What Steps Do We Take for the Security of Your Information

 

Our websites use industry-standard security measures to protect data against loss, misuse, and interception by third parties. Our security policies are periodically reviewed and enhanced as necessary. However, CALI and IIT Chicago-Kent assume no liability for interception, alteration, or misuse of information transmitted over the Internet.

 

Who We May Share Your Information With

Service Providers

 

We may share your personal information with outside service providers, such as software developers we hire to debug or improve our program. These providers may only use or disclose your personal information to provide services to us or comply with legal requirements.

 

Researchers/Data Analysts

 

We may also share personal information for research, academic studies, data analysis, and reports. Information for these purposes is always aggregated. That means none of the information is linked to a particular person. For example, the data we share may be used to say how many users (not their individual names) live in Florida. We may also share how many people (again not their individual names) visited our site.

 

We do NOT share information from:

Specific categories of personal information, such as names, Social Security Numbers, login, and access details.
 

Practice Area Group/Employers

 

If you get an authoring account on this site through your employer or practice group, we may disclose your personal registration information to your employer or practice group.

 

When Information Sharing is Required

 

For some site features, such as filing documents with a court, information sharing is required. If you use those features, you will get a separate notice that explains the privacy terms for those features.

 

If you ask us to share your information, for example, you may ask us to send a form to the court.

 

For legal reasons: We may share your personal information if we have good reasons to believe we need to do so to:

Enforce our Terms of Use
Protect our rights, operations, and users
Comply with applicable law, regulation, or legal process, such as a court order or a subpoena
Respond to a request from a government agency, such as law enforcement or an investigation of an illegal activity
Prevent physical, financial or other harm, injury or loss
 

If our business structure changes - if we sell or transfer some or all of our business or assets, such as during a reorganization, dissolution, or liquidation, we may transfer your personal information to a third party. But that third party must agree to protect your personal information according to the terms of this Notice.

 

You May Change Your Information

 

You may change your personal information on the profile page for your account(s) at the site.

 

Links to Other Websites

 

Our site lists links to other websites that are not part of our organization. We list those links to make it easier for you to get information at their sites. We do not have control over the content or privacy policies at those sites. It is a good idea to look at the Privacy Notices of those websites before you use them.

 

Privacy Policy Updates

 

If there are privacy policy changes, we will post a notice on www.a2jauthor.org and www.a2j.org. The changes will go into effect 60 days after they are initially posted. The date of the change will appear at the top of the Privacy Notice.

 

Questions?

 

Please send any questions or comments about this Privacy Notice to:

 

Email: webmaster@a2jauthor.org, or

Write:

CALI
A2J Author Project

565 West Adams

Chicago, IL 60661
